Initial development (#4)
PeakSat/OBC-bootloader: README.md

> ## Brief
> One of the requirements of the Acubesat/peaksat missions is to have two firmwares installed on the OBC. In order to be able to assess the health of the primary firmware, and boot from the secondary firmware if needed, a custom dual-boot bootloader was developed. Its objective is to count the unsuccessful boot tries, select the correct firmware to boot from and pass information to the firmware. The firmware needs to be able to reset the unsuccessful boot counter and change the order in which the bootloader tries to boot from.
> A high level flow chart of the bootloader logic is shown in the figure below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dual-firmware bootloader for the AcubeSAT/PeakSat missions in the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.  
The bootloader switching between 2 images manually or automatically, when a boot failure is detected.

## Features
- Compatible with Microchip ATSAMV71Q21
- Written in C
- Supports switching between 2 firmware images stored in the MCU flash memory
- Automatic switch-over when a boot failure is detected N times
- Stores boot data in MCU flash
- Uses 64kiB of flash memory
- C API for the main software (`bootlib.h`)

## Flowchart
```

After uploading the bootloader, the primary firmware will start at address 0x00410000 and the secondary at address 0x00500000, and they will both have a maximum size of 960 kB.

You do need to **CHANGE YOUR CMAKE**/make/ninja or whatever you are using to build your project, so that it points to the new linker script.

You also need to add some code to your project so that it resets the boot counter every time it runs. When reseting the counter, you assure the bootloader that your firmware runs properly. So you need to make sure that you **RESET THE COUNTER ONLY AFTER NOMINAL OPERATION IS OBSERVED**. Failing to reset the counter, or resetting it at the wrong time, will lead to undesired behavior. If you have installed the MHC peripheral libraries you can add the bootlib(within the bootlib folder) files to you project and use the ```reset_boot_counter()``` to do so. There are also two more functions ```get_primary_firmware()``` and ```void set_primary_firmare(uint32_t firmware)``` to get the ID if the running firmware and set the primary firmware.
**THIS IS C CODE** so if you want to call it from a c++ routine, you will have to declare it as extern "C".

> For development purposes, you might need a way to boot from the primary firmware regardless of the boot counter. To do this you can load the [reset_boot.elf](https://github.com/PeakSat/OBC-bootloader/tree/reset-counter) program, which resets the counter and branches to the primary firmware every time the bootloader branches to it.

Reviewer: Okay making a suggestion here sucks, so here it is:
https://gist.github.com/kongr45gpen/3cb07f474ac5af45da2f32795e2ab750

> ## High Level Explanation
> The bootloader starts by locking the memory region it occupies. Then it copies the variables from the memory location which is shared with the firmwares, and stores them in a buffer. One of the variables stored there is the boot counter. Every time the bootloader is executed, it adds 1 to that variable. It is the firmwares responsibility to reset the boot counter to 0. If it fails to do so, the bootloader will assume that the firmware did not boot correctly, and after 3 tries boot from the secondary firmware.
> 
> The next variable sets the primary firmware. At any given time there will be two firmwares installed on the internal flash of the ATSAMV71Q21B. The location of the primary firmware might change, thus primary firmware does not mean the first firmware in memory. For example, a new firmware upload might be put at the second memory partition. Then the bootloader should be informed that the second partition contains the primary firmware by changing the appropriate variable on the shared memory. On the next boot, the bootloader will boot on the second partition, which contains the primary firmware.
> 
> The third variable contains the ID of the firmware that the bootloader tried to boot from. Under nominal operation, the firmware can use this and the second variable to switch to the other firmware after reboot.
> 
> After reading these variables, the bootloader can decide the appropriate firmware to boot from. Before branching to the correct memory address, it needs to erase the shared memory and write the buffer with the updated variables to the memory. The erase is necessary since only 0s can be programed in the type of memory that the MCU is using.
> 
> Finally the bootloader can branch to the firmwares entry point. Two things need to be implemented in the firmware for the bootloader to work correctly. One is the reset of the boot counter, which should happen at every successful boot and the second is to change the primary boot variable after a successful firmware upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Implementation

### Shared Memory Map
A part of Non-Volatile (flash) Memory of the microcontroller is shared between the microcontroller and each firmware.

It stores the following variables explaining the boot state of the microcontroller:
| Byte | Name | Description |
|---|---|---|
| 0 | Failed Boot Counter | Counts the number of failed boots. Every time the bootloader starts, it adds `1` to that variable. It is the responsibility of each firmware to reset it to `0` to prevent switch-over. |
| 4 | Next Boot Partition | Selects whether the first (`0`) or second (`1`) partition will be booted on next boot. Can be changed by firmware (e.g. when new software is uploaded). |
| 8 | Last Boot Partition | Shows the partition that has been currently booted. Useful for debugging and switching to the alternative partition. |

### 

The bootloader roughly performs the following process every time on MCU boot:
1. Locks the memory region it occupies, to prevent any dangerous accidental rewrites.
2. Reads a shared Non-Volatile Memory (FLASH) location containing boot variables (counter, partition selection etc.) into a buffer.
3. Adds 1 to the _failed boot counter_.
4. Decides the appropriate firmware to boot from, based on the _failed boot counter_ and _next boot partition_.
5. Erases and programs the shared memory.
  - Erasing is necessary before programming, because Flash-type memories need to be first filled with `1`s (ERASE operation) before they can actually programmed with `0`s (PROGRAM operation)
6. Branches to the firmware's entry point.
```
